**WEBSITE CONTENT- Everyone please edit the descriptions in this
document. **

**Important note-** our website is vital component of mochilla. Along
with our social media platforms, our website will allow us to fully
demonstrate who we are, our mission and vision more clearly and
effectively. As Tyler has stressed, branding is key. It is vital that we
nail the branding on our website, design, aesthetic feel, ease of use
and content (specifically the about us section, design and blog content)
and make sure all these aspects fit our vision. That way, we avoid
questions such as- what is mochilla? what does mochilla do? Our website
should clearly answer all these questions. That being said, as we have
discussed, mochilla **right now (front end)** is Bryan and Simba
traveling and sharing their stories and experiences. Our
branding/descriptions on the website/social media should focus on Simba
and Bryan and what we are **currently** offering (blogs, pictures,
videos…etc) And then as we grow and launch our mobile app, we will then
shift/pivot onto *a travel platform that aims to inspire its users to
travel and share their experiences. Thereby promoting a global network
of travelers, while providing friends and family with a way to connect
and share their memories”- Myles*

**About Us (drop down):**

**i. About *mochilla adventures ***

We love to travel and our dream is to travel to all 196 countries in the
world. We launched mochilla adventures in September 2016 to document and
share our travel experiences.

**What does mochilla and our logo mean*?***

-Mochila means backpack in Spanish. It is derived from mochil meaning
messenger. Every traveler is a messenger and story teller that carries a
backpack throughout their journey. Our backpack is symbolic of the
experiences and stories we accumulate on the road.

-The zipper symbolizes opening up (unzip) new experiences and storing
memories (zip-up) to share with friends and families.

Our Motto

\#Justpackup&go

We hope by sharing our backpacking adventures, we can encourage others
to justpackup&go travel and chase their dreams.

‘’Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets my soul on fire.’’

***ii. Meet Us:* (Short bio about Bryan and Simba)- Picture of Us in
background**

Our dynamic friendship began while we were completing our undergraduate
studies in 2013 at Cornell University, New York. Our similar passions
for travel and entrepreneurship forged a brotherly bond that enabled us
to enjoy traveling around the United States, Southeast Asia, Southern
Africa and Latin America. Our combined enthusiasm for travel and dreams
of traveling around the world motivated us to begin working on a concept
that would help share the joys to be experienced of exploring new
cultures and experiences. After deciding to make a full-time commitment
we launched Mochilla Adventures to document and share our travels around
Southeast Asia.

Thus far, travelling has humbled us by challenging us to step out of our
comfort zones and explore the unknown. Venturing out to us has meant
trying out new foods, experiencing new cultures, and challenging our
personal beliefs. Ultimately, we have learnt a lot about ourselves and
our peers through our adventures on the road. With mochilla, we hope by
sharing our stories, experiences and tips we can encourage others to
travel more and to justpackup&go chase their dreams.

More about *Simba* and *Bryan* (2 hyperlinks with extended personal
bios)

[]{#_gjdgxs .anchor}

.

***Notes-***

I.  Description/vision of mochilla in 2 sentences.

    a.  Inspire and motivate people to travel, challenge themselves…etc

II. Logo and name description

    a.  Backpack- packing/unpacking experiences, storing experiences,
        > adventure…etc

III. Tagline- \#Justpackup&go

    a.  Fully describe meaning and vision of justpackingup & going.

    b.  Traveling/making your own path/following your dreams/taking that
        > leap of faith/STARTING


